[7.8] docs: Update security documentation (#3799) (#3831)
elastic/apm-server: docs/copied-from-beats/docs/https.asciidoc

//// This content is structured to be included as a whole file.
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

[role="xpack"]
[[securing-communication-elasticsearch]]
== Secure communication with Elasticsearch

To secure the communication between {beatname_uc} and Elasticsearch, you can use
HTTPS and basic authentication. Basic authentication for Elasticsearch is
available when you enable {security} (see

> {stack-ov}/elasticsearch-security.html[Securing the {stack}] and <<securing-beats>>).

Author: ```suggestion
{stack-ov}/elasticsearch-security.html[Securing the {stack}] and configure {beatname_uc} to use {security-features}).
```
